Improve `cleanup` option (code quality, tests, documentation) (#225)
sindresorhus/execa: readme.md

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `true`

Kill the spawned process when the parent process exits unless either:
  - the spawned process is [`detached`](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_options_detached)

>   - the parent process is terminated abruptly, e.g. with `SIGKILL` (as opposed to `SIGTERM` or a normal exit)

Reviewer: Don't forget to update the TypeScript definition docs too when doing readme changes.

>   - the parent process is terminated abruptly, e.g. with `SIGKILL` (as opposed to `SIGTERM` or a normal exit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the parent process is terminated abruptly, for example, with `SIGKILL` as opposed to `SIGTERM` or a normal exit
```
